Nomination for revenge
My own daughter is taking revenge on me.
I'm sorry Nian Nian
What have I done to him?
Lin Hong, what's the matter with you?
What is our Luo family?
Do cats and dogs come in and out at will?
Madam misses him for being insensible
I said Luoxue Qing is not educated
I don't know how to respect the old and love the young
Madam, I can offer my thoughts
Miss him very talented
The manuscript he designed is particularly beautiful
What talent can your wild girl have?
You he is indeed yours stop
I said Lin Nian you
I see how you still quibble
Somebody drag him out of the group for me
Never hire
It's right to blame me
How can I face him in the future?
Mr. Ye made amends
It's Not Too Late
The top priority is to find Niannian first
Thank you first month
I'll go find him now.
The first step is the famous mirror tail of Luoxueqin
The second step is to let Ye Qingmei know
Luo Xueqin is not his biological daughter
Step three: the collapse of L.A.
Luo Xueqin can no longer enter the drama
What are you doing here?
My good daughter every year
I have something to ask you.
What's the matter
Of course it's Lu Xueqin
Is that really my daughter?
That's right, my mom said it herself
Ah!
Hahahaha
every year
You say
If I tell him about your plot against the eldest lady
I can clean up my legs, stop it